Q: What is it called when a fraudulent email masquerades as a legitimate communication in an attempt to get a user to reveal sensitive information?
A: Phishing

Q: What central component is necessary to form a botnet?
A: Command & Control (C&C) Server.

Q: What is the root cause of almost every data breach?
A: Human error.

Q: Which description best explains cybersecurity?
A: Protecting networks, devices, and data from unauthorized access.

Q: Which two characteristics are examples of poor passwords? (Choose two.)
A: A predictable sequence of numbers or words; A commonly used word or unchanged default password.

Q: Identify three examples of personally identifiable information (PII). (Choose three.)
A: Credit card; Biometrics, such as a fingerprint; Full name.

Q: Which description best identifies vishing?
A: A phone exploitation that often relies on caller ID to appear legitimate.

Q: What does the term “Thin Edge” refer to?
A: Branch locations with minimal security that are attached to a core network.

Q: Which description best explains the zero-trust approach that is the basis for ZTNA design?
A: No device or user can be trusted inside or outside the network.

Q: What method is recommended to manage passwords?
A: Use a password manager.

Q: What is an example of a password that best follows the password guidelines in this lesson?
A: J&JwutH2f@P0W

Q: What is the central purpose of FortiGuard Labs?
A: To provide security services.

Q: Which best describes the Zero Trust Access solution pillar?
A: Enables organizations to see and control everyone and everything on the network.

Q: Which product can manage and automatically provision FortiClient to endpoints?
A: FortiManager.

Q: Which two security practices make your home wireless network safer? (Choose two.)
A: Pick passphrases that are hard to guess; Keep your router firmware up to date.

Q: Which security platform does FortiClient EMS integrate with to increase visibility and compliance control?
A: Fortinet Security Fabric.

Q: Which product helps protect end users who are prone to clicking on phishing scams?
A: FortiClient.

Q: Which three major functions does FortiAuthenticator provide? (Choose three.)
A: Identity management; Wired and wireless authentication; Secure access with two-factor authentication.

Q: Which product category best describes FortiAuthenticator?
A: Identity Management.

Q: Which two management options can be used to manage FortiAP? (Choose two.)
A: FortiGate; FortiManager.

Q: Complete the sentence to identify which method determines Fortinet ZTA micro-segmentation. FortiNAC micro-segments the network according to…
A: User role and device function.

Q: Which three methods are common implementations of secure remote access? (Choose three.)
A: IPsec VPN; SSL VPN; ZTNA.

Q: What are three core capabilities of SASE? (Choose three.)
A: Zero trust network access (ZTNA); Data loss prevention; Next-Generation firewall.

Q: Which challenge caused secure email gateway (SEG) to adopt automation and machine learning?
A: Volume of attacks.

Q: Which option identifies the trend of phishing?
A: Increasing.

Q: In addition to a spam filter, which two technologies are often a part of secure email gateway (SEG)? (Choose two.)
A: Sandbox; Antivirus scanner.

Q: Which behavior does a sandbox look for when searching for malware?
A: Behaved abnormally.

Q: Which feature characterizes third-generation sandbox technology?
A: Automation and artificial intelligence.

Q: Why did some people object to web filters?
A: They censored information.

Q: Which three traits are characteristics of a next-generation firewall (NGFW)? (Choose three.)
A: Can segment a network based on user, device, and application type; Controls applications based on type or who the user is; Delivers high-performance inspection.

Q: Which type was the first generation of firewalls?
A: Packet filter.

Q: What was the limitation of first-generation firewalls?
A: Filtered only at layer 3 of the OSI model.

Q: Which firewall generation can you configure to allow a user to connect to Facebook, but not watch videos from that site?
A: Next-generation firewall (NGFW).

Q: Which technique used by a threat actor is known as spam?
A: Irrelevant or inappropriate messages sent on the internet to a large number of recipients.

Q: Which method best defeats unknown malware?
A: Sandboxing.

Q: What is a zero-day attack?
A: A cyberattack that exploits an unknown software vulnerability.

Q: Which product is used as the connection point to the network for wireless devices?
A: FortiAP.

Q: Which Fortinet product is used to profile devices in order to detect changes to device characteristics?
A: FortiNAC.

Q: What was the fundamental function of FortiSwitch?
A: Securely connects devices on a computer network.

Q: What is the benefit of the Fortinet security rating?
A: Provides a quantifiable measure of a network’s security posture.

Q: What feature in FortiGate is used to create policies that allow, deny, or restrict access to applications?
A: Application control.

Q: Which two methods are used by threat actors to compromise your device when conducting phishing campaigns? (Choose two.)
A: An embedded hyperlink within an email; An attachment to an email.

Q: Which service is used as part of endpoint detection and response (EDR)?
A: Forensics investigation tool.

Q: What were the motivation for SIEM? (Choose two.)
A: Increasing number of alerts; Complying to regulations.

Q: What does SIEM do primarily?
A: Collect, normalize, and store log events and alerts.

Q: How does NAC effectively segment a network?
A: Using user roles.

Q: Which type was the first generation of firewalls?
A: Packet filter.

Q: What is the function of FortiGate?
A: Next generation firewall.

Q: What is the benefit of SOAR?
A: It increases security team efficacy by automating repetitive processes.

Q: What are three reasons SOAR is used? (Choose three.)
A: Accelerate response times; Reduce alert fatigue; Compensate for the skill shortage.

Q: What is the central purpose of FortiGuard Labs?
A: To provide security services.

Q: Which type of malware seriously reduced the effectiveness of signature-based antivirus?
A: Polymorphic.

Q: Which term best describes FortiGate?
A: Next generation firewall.

Q: Which product acts as the connection point to the network for wireless devices?
A: FortiAP.

Q: What is a common use case for an implementation of SOAR by customers?
A: Phishing investigations.

Q: What is alert fatigue?
A: Analysts are overwhelmed by the number of alerts.

Q: What are the three core capabilities of SASE? (Choose three.)
A: Zero trust network access (ZTNA); Data loss prevention; Next-Generation firewall.

Q: How do threat actors target endpoints in a network?
A: They are an easy point of entry into a network.

Q: Which two prevention-focused attributes are found in most contemporary endpoint security solutions? (Choose two.)
A: Virtual patches; Machine learning (ML).

Q: When would you use FortiSwitch Cloud?
A: When FortiSwitch devices are attached and managed by FortiGate Cloud.

Q: What is a zero-day attack?
A: A cyberattack that exploits an unknown software vulnerability.

Q: Which failing characterized early sandbox technology?
A: Lack of integration with other security devices.

Q: Which attribute best describes how early web filters worked?
A: Web filters are rule-based.

Q: Why did some people object to web filters?
A: They censored information.

Q: Which three methods are used by threat actors to compromise your device when conducting phishing campaigns? (Choose three.)
A: An embedded hyperlink within an email; An attachment to an email; Click bait.

Q: What is the trend of phishing?
A: Increasing.

Q: What is a potential problem that customers risk if they rely solely on vendor cloud security tools?
A: The tools provide basic security and do not secure all facets of a multi-cloud environment.

Q: Which action should you take if you receive an email asking for your password and personal information?
A: Delete and report it to the bank using the contact information found on their official website.

Q: Which statement best describes personally identifiable information (PII)?
A: Any information that someone can use to identify you.

Q: What is the root cause of most data breaches?
A: Human error.

Q: Which method is recommended to manage passwords?
A: Use a password manager.

Q: What are two benefits of SASE? (Choose two.)
A: Consistent security for mobile workforces; Optimized paths for all users to all clouds to improve performance and agility.

Q: Which description best identifies vishing?
A: A phone exploitation that often relies on caller ID to appear legitimate.

Q: Which two types of devices are considered endpoints, according to the description in the lesson? (Choose two.)
A: Servers; Computer devices used by end users.

Q: Which description best identifies the term malicious code?
A: An unwanted file or program that can cause harm to, or compromise data on, a computer.

Q: What is it called when a fraudulent email masquerades as a legitimate communication in an attempt to get a user to reveal sensitive information?
A: Phishing.

Q: What central component is necessary to form a botnet?
A: Command & Control (C&C) Server.

Q: Which definition best describes personally identifiable information (PII)?
A: Any information that someone can use
